ROWELEAGUE

This league will have 20-30 teams with their own names(currently 24)
each team will start with 12 players that have their own randomized names and age

-- This will be for a separate game mode, currently working on GM mode --
Once the player starts the game they will be prompted to enter a first and last name, height, position, weight, jersey number, and choose a player archetype.

After each win and loss the player will recieve coins that can be used to upgrade their team.
this will encourage the player to stay with their drafted team instead of requesting a trade or leaving in free agency.

The player's objective is to try to make the hall of fame, they will do this by accumulating LEGEND POINTS by winning league awards and championships.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Games will be decided based on overall, the higher a team's overall the better chance they will have at winning a game.

60 games, 30 away, 30 home. Teams will play other teams from the opposing conference twice per season, 24 games total for opposing conference games, a team will play other teams within its own conference 3 time per season accounting for 33 games,
the remaining 3 games will be played against the team's division rivals.

Playoffs will mostly be based off nba's playoff system.
14 teams will be in the playoffs, the 1st seed from each conference will get a free round raising the stakes of the 1 seed.
the remaining 10 will be in the draft lottery for the chance at the number 1 pick.

West						East
1						1				
F						F	
	1				1
	_				_
4						4
5						5
	_	      _ 
			_	
			_	
		_		_
3						3
6						6
	_				_
	_				_
2						2
7						7

*Note, may change playoffs to be instead be based around overall league standing so that the 1 and 2 seed of the league will
get a free round and allow the truly bad teams at a chance to get young talent.

teams will be able to cut and trade players based off their needs.

Players who are ages 36-39 have a chance to retire, once a player reaches age 40 they are gauranteed to retire.

players will improve yearly based off their age, ages 26-31 are the prime years of a player, after those years the players will begin to regress due to age. 

The player's objective is to try to build a dynasty and win as many championships with their team.
